do this I could be a good pirate Barbie
doll need secret room now oh no we're
kicking a video have a picture with
snowman blowing up yeah there's a diet
frosty duck die or no yes dice and I
didn't realize he said us know it was
talking this helmet oh he gonna explode
anything soon or not bombay Bonnie
barbie is going to war for school Harry
Carey Barbie will not get done by Carrie
Oh lookit before is i know i just
dropped musleh I'm doings are over here
I don't know I'm probably over there
telling my mom who's on graphing are you
doing Barbie doll exploding it since I
bother hey she's sleeper ooh what is
that a nineteen sixty Harvey don't
mention 60 I my dear longer just a
banking 66 Barbie doll can boil up the
1966 Barbie doll yeah good double chain
give us a little 66 I love the 1966
Barbie doll there's only Barbie doll I
have the rest of them are gone oh hey
well she's worth something it's an old
doll this is my dog is Lisa's close Oh
pity that we were Senator Chuck
do I manager uh make a black hey whats
on mom yes sir gangrene so I thought
gangrene was Green Carter get away
starter I don't think you want to be
there Barbie dolls gonna get blown up
that goes missing you say okay far good
you sure um I think so there's not that
much damage our summer fucking ripped
off her clothes ripped off her clothes
ya got a little bit okay peekaboo you
need something stronger do you think I
don't think this is very funny uh what
do you got that will go up it might come
back here really on sir
then light look her up well how far does
that go that's pretty far Wilson roof I
don't think it'll lift that that bitch
up hmm as far as well for Barbies
getting a tortured you be right back we
will be we will be right back with the
Barbie born